docs: Extend flow health ADR (#1146)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/contributor/arch/010-logging-flow-healthiness-status-api.md

   AllTelemetryDataDropped > SomeTelemetryDataDropped > NoLogsDelivered > BufferFillingUp > Healthy
   ```

> Note that the `NoLogsDelivered` reason is unique to LogPipelines and does not apply to Metric and Trace Pipelines. This is because a log chunk can remain in the Fluent Bit buffer for a few  days while being retried, giving customers time to rectify issues before logs are dropped. In contrast, with the OTel Collector, data is retried for only a few minutes before being immediately dropped. Thus, customers have no opportunity to react, making a special reason unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `NoLogsDelivered` reason is unique to LogPipeline custom resource and does not apply to MetricPipeline and Trace Pipeline resources. This is because a log chunk can remain in the Fluent Bit buffer for a few  days while being retried, giving customers time to rectify issues before logs are dropped. In contrast, with the OTel Collector, data is retried for only a few minutes before being immediately dropped. Thus, customers have no opportunity to react, making a special reason unnecessary.
```
It's complicated, but this might the best way to phrase it.
